Onboarding maintainer checklist (#773)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: MAINTENANCE.md

If you want to make a contribution to the project, see the
[Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) instead.

## Onboarding Access Checklist

- [ ] Added to [python-maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/GenericMappingTools/teams/python-maintainers) team in the [GenericMappingTools](https://github.com/orgs/GenericMappingTools/teams/) organization on GitHub (gives 'maintain' permissions)
- [ ] Added as moderator on [GMT forum](https://forum.generic-mapping-tools.org) (to see mod-only discussions)
- [ ] Added as member on the [PyGMT devs Slack channel](https://pygmtdevs.slack.com) (for casual conversations)

> - [ ] Added as maintainer on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/pygmt/) and [Test PyPI](https://test.pypi.org/project/pygmt) (needed for handling releases)

Reviewer: The checklist looks good to me. 

> - [ ] Added as maintainer on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/pygmt/) and [Test PyPI](https://test.pypi.org/project/pygmt) (needed for handling releases)

This step is usually unnecessary, but releases are handled by github actions automatically.

Reviewer 2: Maybe list hackmd as optional too.

> - [ ] Added as maintainer on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/pygmt/) and [Test PyPI](https://test.pypi.org/project/pygmt) (needed for handling releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Added as maintainer on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/pygmt/) and [Test PyPI](https://test.pypi.org/project/pygmt) [optional]
- [ ] Added as member on [HackMD](https://hackmd.io/@pygmt) [optional]
```

Reviewer 2: Ping @willschlitzer to apply this change. I think we can merge this PR soon.

If you want to make a contribution to the project, see the
[Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) instead.

## Onboarding Access Checklist

> ### Python-Maintainers
> Get added to the python-maintainers team on GitHub
> 
> ### Generic Mapping Tools organization
> Get added to the GenericMappingTools organization on GitHub

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Added to [python-maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/GenericMappingTools/teams/python-maintainers) team in the [GenericMappingTools](https://github.com/orgs/GenericMappingTools/teams/) organization on GitHub (gives 'maintain' permissions)
- [ ] Added as moderator on [GMT forum](https://forum.generic-mapping-tools.org) (to see mod-only discussions)
- [ ] Added as member on the [PyGMT devs Slack channel](https://pygmtdevs.slack.com) (for casual conversations)
- [ ] Added as maintainer on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/pygmt/) and [Test PyPI](https://test.pypi.org/project/pygmt) (needed for handling releases)
```

Adding more stuff to the checklist 😄
